welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
powder
jeremy powder reed sean patrick flanery
is a young albino man who has incredible
intellect and is able to sense the
thoughts of the people around him
jeremy's brain possesses a powerful
electromagnetic charge
which causes electrical objects to
function abnormally when he is around
them
particularly when he becomes emotional
the electromagnetic charge also prevents
hair from growing on his body
jeremy's mother was struck by lightning
while pregnant with him
she died shortly after the strike but
jeremy survived his father disowned him
shortly after his premature birth
and he was raised by his grandparents
jeremy lived in the basement and worked
on their farm
never leaving their property and
learning everything he knew from books
he is taken from his home when his
grandfather is found dead of natural
causes
jesse caldwell mary steenburgen a child
services psychologist
takes him to a boy's home because he is
now effectively a ward of the state
jesse enrolls him in high school where
jeremy meets physics teacher donald
ripley
jeff goldblum donald finds out that
jeremy has supernatural powers as well
as the highest iq in history
while his abilities mark him as special
they also make him an outcast
on a hunting trip with his schoolmates
jeremy is threatened with a gun by john
box bradford tatum
an aggressive student who views him as a
freak
before john can fire a gun goes off in
the distance
and everyone rushes to see that harley
duncan
a sheriff's deputy has shot a doe
anguished by the animal's death jeremy
touches both the deer and harley at the
same time
inducing in harley what the students
assume as a seizure
harley later admits that jeremy had
actually caused him to
feel the pain and fear of the dying deer
because of the experience harley removes
all of his guns from his house
although sheriff doug barnum blants
henriksen allows him to remain as a
sheriff's deputy without a sidearm
doug enlists jeremy to help speak to his
dying wife through telepathy
through jeremy the sheriff learns that
his wife clings onto life because she
didn't want to die while not wearing her
wedding ring and without him reconciling
with his estranged son
stephen she tells him that steven found
the ring and that it has been sitting in
a silver box on her nightstand the
entire time
duck then places the ring on his wife's
finger and reconciles with stephen
letting his wife die peacefully jeremy
meets lindsay kelloway
a romantic interest but their
relationship is broken by lindsay's
father
before the interruption he tells lindsay
that he can see the truth about people
that they are scared and feel
disconnected from the rest of the world
but in truth are all connected to
everything that exists
jeremy goes back to the juvenile
facility and packs away his belongings
planning to run away to his farm he
pauses in the gym to stare at a male
student washing
noticing the latter's luxurious head of
hair as well as body hair which he
himself lacks
and is caught at it by john box who
accuses him of homosexuality
john steals jeremy's hat and taunts him
but jeremy reveals that john's words
mimic what his stepfather said before
beating him when he was 12
infuriating him john and the other boys
humiliate jeremy
stripping him naked and taunting him
his powers begin to manifest by pulling
at their metal buttons and any piercings
eventually a large spherical
electromagnetic pulse erupts throwing
jeremy into a mud puddle and
everyone else to the ground john is
found still
with his heart stopped jeremy uses an
electric
shock to revive him jeremy returns to
the farm where he grew up
now in probate with the bank and finds
that all of his possessions have been
removed
he is joined by jesse donald and doug
who persuade jeremy to come with them to
find a place where he will not be feared
and misunderstood
instead he runs into a field where a
lightning bolt strikes him
and he disappears in a blinding flash of
light
the electrical jolt hits jesse donald
doug and harley thank you all for
watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
[Music]
videos